link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/saj120/pen/VweXVxR?editors=1100

Samuel Arriaga Jr.

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is the correct use of the mark-up language to reinforce the meaning of the page.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    The development of web pages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An html attribute acts as modifiers of html element types. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? 
    The H1 tag is the most important of the six heading types. How many times should I use it on a page? Once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. 
    The img and a tags.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Metadata and anything that we don't want to appear in the body of the page.
    7. What is an id? 
    An id attribute specifies a unique id for an element in HTML.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Most HTML elements but only once on a web page as a practice.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once.
    10. What is a class? 
    Normally used to specify a group class within HTML elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Multiple, ie; footer, header, div. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many times as needed; keep in mind the page will render them the same.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? 
    Add a target="_blank" attribute.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    It provides alternate text to be rendered if the image cannot be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    In CSS with a # (hashtag).
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? 
    A section tag is used to divide HTML sections such as chapters, headers, and footers. A div tag is more for major divisions and is used for block elements to format in CSS. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Cascading Style Sheets is the language used for the presentation on web pages, colors, layouts, and fonts.
    18. How do we select an element? Example - the color of every h2 on the page:
        h2 {
        color: red;
        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one: A class is used to group a few to many elements as a group, an example the h2 elements. It is best practice that an id be used only once and is the most specific, an example is for the h1 element. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    A period is used to denote "class" in CSS.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? Selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. When would this be useful? When the parent child selector is used to match elements that are direct children of other elements, which is a little more precise than the traditional contextual selector.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar url
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Use the line-height property in CSS.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? {text-transform: uppercase;}
    Lowercase? {text-transform: lowercase} Capitalize? {text-transform: Capitalize;}
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {border-style: dotted;
        border-width: 1px;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    The * selector selects all elements. The * selector can also select all elements inside another element.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 
    Use /* Comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? 
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? By using the rm command.
    Why do I have to be careful with this? There is no warning prompt and is irreversable.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    To keep track of changes and to keep every team member working on the latest version.
    35. How often should I commit to github? 
    Commit changes every 20-60 minutes, as long as it compiles cleanly and there are no regressions in unit tests. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? Conceptual differences.You can't put block elements inside inline elements. Formatting. By default, inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur (although, as usual, this can be changed using CSS
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    An absolutely positioned element is an element whose computed position value is absolute or fixed. The top , right , bottom , and left properties specify offsets from the edges of the element's containing block. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? You can also use CSS code to reduce or increase the spacing of elements. You can do that by using the padding and margin CSS commands.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default.
    none, hidden, block, inline, and inline-block.
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 